# Contributing

If you are thinking about contributing to Dr. Strangetest, please don't
hesitate! Every little bit helps, so contributions are greatly welcome and much
appreciated. The lifeblood of open source is the involvement of community, and
this project endeavors to encourage and respect all contributions as well as
their contributors.

Some of the ways in which you can contribute are listed below.


## Promote the Project to Others

If you like Dr. Strangetest and find it useful, let others know! Whether
through verbal recommendation, a shout-out on social media, or a write-up on
your blog, spreading the word can go a long way towards helping build and grow
the community.


## Report Bugs or Missing Features

If you think you've found a bug in the software, please report it. Or if you
think there's an important feature that's missing, feel free to make a
suggestion and start a discussion. Both can be done using Dr. Strangetest's
[issue tracker](https://github.com/gnarlyquack/dr-strangetest/issues).


## Improve Documentation

Documentation, it seems, is always a work in progress. If you find something
that's incorrect, incomplete, out of date, or confusing, or an example is
missing or could be improved, you can [open an
issue](https://github.com/gnarlyquack/dr-strangetest/issues) to report a
deficiency or suggest an improvement. Or if you have some writing chops you'd
like to flex, you can update the documentation directly and submit a pull
request.


## Participate in Development

Pull requests are always welcome! Head over to [Dr. Strangetest's source
repository](https://github.com/gnarlyquack/dr-strangetest) to obtain the code.
It's recommended that you make known your intention to work on an issue to
avoid duplication of effort. For the same reason, if you're not working on an
existing issue, it's recommended that you first open one to announce and
potentially discuss the work you intend to do.
